Make both Python extensions optional (#519)
astral-sh/ty-vscode: README.md

## Requirements

The ty extension works without additional extensions. For Python environment detection, we
recommend one of the following:

- [Python Environments](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.vscode-python-envs)
- [Python](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.python)

When either extension is available, ty can find an executable installed in the active Python

> environment. If that lookup fails, or neither extension is available, the extension checks `PATH`

Reviewer: I think the word "checks" here is a bit unclear. Rather I would suggest being explicit that the executable in `PATH` is used first (if available) and then only afterwards do we fall back to a bundled executable:

```suggestion
environment. If that lookup fails, or neither extension is available, the extension first attempts to use an executable from `PATH`, and the finally falls back to its bundled `ty` executable.
```
